Proposed some change to complete the removal of 'SEQUENCE OF EvedenceBundle' (#168)
lamps-wg/csr-attestation: draft-ietf-lamps-csr-attestation.md

shown in {{fig-info-model}} is used.

On a high-level, the structure is composed as follows:
A PKCS#10 attribute or a CRMF extension contains one
EvidenceBundle structure. The EvidenceBundle contains one or more
EvidenceStatement structures as well as one or more
CertificateChoices which enable to carry various format of
certificates.

> Note: As an extension must only be included once in a certificate,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Since an extension must only be included once in a certificate
```

> see {{Section 4.2 of RFC5280}}, it is RECOMMENDED to include the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see {{Section 4.2 of RFC5280}}, it is RECOMMENDED to include the PKCS#10 attribute
```

> PKCS#10 attribute or the CRMF extension only once in a CSR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 or the CRMF extension only once in a CSR.
```

By definition, attributes within a PKCS#10 CSR are
typed as ATTRIBUTE and within a CRMF CSR are typed as EXTENSION.
This attribute definition contains one
Evidence bundle of type `EvidenceBundle` containing
one or more Evidence statements of a type `EvidenceStatement` along with
optional certificates for certification path building.

> This structure allows for different Evidence statements that share a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This structure enables different Evidence statements to share a
```

> certification path not dublicationg them in the attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certification path without duplicating it in the attribute.
```
